 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
limits to students and invigilators. Do not tamper/write/mark/scratch/damage.
GREEN area markers (rectangles): These fields are strictly off-
Suggestion: Name parts should be with one space in between.
8.
box. OMR sheet margin should not be touched.
All signatures of students and invigilators should be withinthe defined
7.
All bubbles should be done with Black/Blue Ball Point pens only.
6.
For other fields, overwriting is non-critical, but preferably shouldnot be done.
5.
No whitener of any kind should be used on OMR sheets.
4.
extra bubbles.
Neither student nor invigilators should try to re-bubble rightbubble any
3.
wrong entry.
space just above the box; Do notredo/retry/complete bubbling in case of
single-line
strike-through
and
write
thecomplete details in the empty
in box: If box is empty, simply write the character; ifbox
is
non-empty,
Correction by Invigilator when student has done mistake inwriting data
2.
barcodes in a way. They should remain intact.
Do not write/mark/scratch/damage the OMR sheet marginsand the
1.
OMR sheet and invigilators to cross-check.
BLUE area markers (oval): Fields to check when student fills up
Students and Invigilators
OMR based Answer Scripts related Do's and Don't for
All the students are hereby instructed to bring the print out of the current admit card 
3.
Students should come for examination in proper college uniform.
2.
   No student is allowed to enter after 9.30 AM (Forenoon / 1st Half) and 1.30 PM (Afternoon / 2nd Half).
       within 9:30 AM (Forenoon / 1st Half) and 01:30 PM (Afternoon / 2nd Half).
    Students must report to the assigned examination hall and appropriate seating assigned  
1.
Examination Do's and Don't for Students
(printed on/after the date-time declared by COE Section) containing their photo for all
the examination days failing which they will not be allowed to appear for the 
4.    Students who carry any pencil-box, should ensure it should be transparent.
examination.
