 
ADMISSION FORM FOR THE SESSION 2024-25
 
     
Form No.: 19260
Course B.Tech
Stream C.S.E(A.I.M.L.)
Full Name RISHAV PODDAR
Gender  M 
 Date of Birth 2005-05-22(YYYY-MM-DD)
Present Addr.:
2K GURUDAS DUTTA GARDEN LANE
ULTADANGA PO.:ULTADANGA DIST.:
KOLKATA PIN:700067 WESTBENGAL
Permanent Addr.:
JAGANATHPUR CHOWK BHALKI
PATLA KENDUJHARAGADA ODISHA
758001
Student. Email    poddarrishav123@gmail.com
Student Mobile No    6370410165
Category    General
Blood Gr.    A+
   Candidate's Family Information
Father's Name  PRAKASH PODDAR
Email Address   prakashpoddar662@gmail.com
Mobile No    7008354289
Mother's Name  RINKI PODDAR
Email Address   No Data
Mobile No    9337943796
Guardian's Name  PRAKASH PODDAR
Relation      NO DATA
Full office Address   MADHAPUR KENDUJHARAGADA,ODISHA
Office Phone No.   7008354289
Monthly Income    60000
 Citizenship Information
Are you a Foreign
student?  NO
Residence  INDIA
Passport No.  Still No Passport
Date of Issue  NA
Visa No.  NA
Date & Place of Issue  NA
 Academic Information
Admission Through  IEMJEE
Year of Exam  2024
Registration No.  IEMJEE2419615
Rank  0403
 10th Standard
Exam Name  ICSE
Board/Council  ICSE
Year of Passing 2022
% of marks in Aggregate  88.33
School Name  NIRMALA CONVENT SCHOOL
Subject List  ENG,HINDI,HIST,GEO,MATH,SCIENCE,COMP
 12th Standard
Exam Name  CBSE
Board/Council  CBSE
Year of Passing 2024
% of marks in Aggregate  81.00
School Name  RABINDRA VIDYA NIKETAN
School Address  ODISHA
 Details of marks obtained in 12th standard
English  77
Physics  87
Chemistry /
Computer Science  85
Mathematics  83
 Other Examination
Degree Name  na
Board/Council  NA
Year of Passing  0
% of marks in Aggregate  0.00
Institution Name  NA
Subject List  NA
 Post Graduate Details
Degree Name  
University  
Year of Passing  0
% of marks in Aggregate  0
Institution Name  
Subject List  
 Communication with Guardian via SMS or Email
Email Address   poddarrishav123@gmail.com
Mobile No    7008354289
Aadhar No   
PAN    
 Other Details of Certificates/Sports/Cultural/Volunteering/Extra-Curricular Activities and Hobbies
 
 
8/20/24, 11:12 PM
Online Application Form
https://www.iemcrp.com/iemEn/uemkol_online_formDisp_with_payment.jsp
1/3
  
 
 
 
Voluntary Declaration and Undertaking
We, the undersigned signatories as student and guardian hereby agree to abide by all rules and regulations which are in force or will be
framed from time to time by the University of Engineering & Management, authorities. We also understand that the University of
Engineering & Management is private self-financed and hence timely payment of fees is of paramount importance. We agree and
undertake to pay fees within seven days of commencement of the semester, failing which the student’s name will be struck off from the
University’s student register and consequently he/she will cease to be a student of the University from that date. He/she can pay
readmission fee of Rs.10,000.00 and regularise studentship.
Any damage caused to University of Engineering & Management, property will have to be replaced/purchased/compensated by the
student immediately, failing which his/her name will be struck off from the roll of the University. Bunking of classes and creating noise,
which may disturb smooth functioning of the University will be dealt with seriously and will result in disciplinary action against the
student. During studentship of the University smoking, consuming or possessing alcohol or forbidden drug will result in the suspension
for one full semester. During class hours, no student is allowed to loiter around or sit in canteen. Any graffiti on University wall is
punishable.
We further undertake not to participate or organize any type of organizational activities without the written permission of the University
of Engineering & Management authorities during the study period. Any type of indiscipline as mentioned above on the part of the
student will result in his/her expulsion from the University and the decision of the authorities of the University will be final and binding
on all concerned. If anybody individually or collectively indulge in indiscipline, the authorities may suspend classes sine die. All students
are required to come to the University compulsorily in prescribed uniform.
We are aware that students are required to attend 100% classes. Upto 20% absence may be permitted by the University of Engineering
& Management for medical reasons which has to be substantiated with documents. If the attendance is less than 80%, the student will
not be allowed to sit for any exams and he/she will be asked to repeat the academic year. We have understood that failure to attend
classes affects students in many ways such as;
(i) Difficulty in following subsequent lectures. (ii) Proportionate deduction of internal marks. (iii) Poor attendance will result in the
refusal of placement assistance.
We also understand that University of Engineering & Management is secular in nature and no religious activities or religious dress of any
kind will be permitted within the campus at any time.
We have fully understood that University of Engineering & Management provide placement training & guidance but do not assure
employment to students. We are fully aware that employment is ultimately the responsibility of the individual student and depends on a
variety of factors such as state of the economy, attitude of the student, smartness, technical/managerial knowledge, personal skills and
overall academic performance.
We were informed by the University of Engineering & Management during admission that Soft Skill Development Programme (SSDP)
and Higher Career Training Programme (HCTP), Foreign language training, Placement training, MOOCS, Foreign certification, Industry
certifications & Software skills are optional but UEM's experience showed that students with Development Programmes perform better
during placement, competitive examinations & interviews. We want to take these trainings. (Once a student choose this option, it is for
full course).
On any matters whatsoever pertaining to the University of Engineering & Management e.g., amount of fees, discipline, code of conduct,
academic matters, timings etc., the decision of the academic head of the University will be final and binding on us.
We hereby undertake and agree to the admission being subjected to jurisdiction of Barasat court i.e. under jurisdiction of 24 pgs
(North), WB.
We have carefully studied the rules and regulations of admission as given in the prospectus and explained to us and we shall accept the
decision given by the academic head as final and binding.
We shall conduct ourselves as per the rules, regulations and norms of the University. Incase of failure, the student is liable to be
debarred from the University.
We have also read, understood and accepted the code of conduct and the notification displayed on the general notice board of the
University and shall take note of the communications put from time to time.
All information and declaration made in the application form and documents submitted as per rules are correct and true to the best of
our knowledge and belief. Admission will be treated as cancelled, if documents found later as false.
Admission to all courses are subjected to the registration of University of Engineering & Management. In case of refusal of registration
of a student by the university concerned or in the event of withdrawal of affiliation, liability of the authorities will be limited to refund of
fees only.
We have not paid any capitation fees for admission to the University.
Admitted for the course....................................................Branch ......................................................................
Signature of Student(With Date)
                     
Signature of Guardian(With Date)
For Office Use Only
 
Full Signature of Admission Officer of UEM,Kolkata
8/20/24, 11:12 PM
Online Application Form
https://www.iemcrp.com/iemEn/uemkol_online_formDisp_with_payment.jsp
2/3
PayOnline
Print
8/20/24, 11:12 PM
Online Application Form
https://www.iemcrp.com/iemEn/uemkol_online_formDisp_with_payment.jsp
3/3
